Blog post about "Cancel old builds" feature (#182)
readthedocs/blog: cancel-old-builds.rst

.. post:: October 4, 2022
   :tags: builds, ci
   :author: Manuel
   :location: BCN

.. meta::
   :description lang=en:
      A new feature that auto-cancels invalid builds was deployed. It improves the user experience,
      reduces resource costs and also energy waste.

> Auto-cancel invalid builds

Reviewer: This is a weird title that leaves me with multiple questions. Who is cancelling builds? What is an invalid build? etc. 

```suggestion
Platform update: Auto-canceling builds when pushing to the same branch twice
```

Author: 👍🏼 --I removed the "Platform update" part because I think it's not needed and left the rest.

==========================

Read the Docs allows you to keep the documentation always up to date in a simple way
by triggering a new build each time developers push to the repository imported.
This is usually fine, but depending on the developers workflow, there could be situations
where the push are done one immediately after the other making the first builds triggered invalid.

To avoid waiting for those invalid builds to be executed first and finally execute the latest one with the final changes,
we implemented a new feature to cancel those invalid builds and only execute the latest one.
This considerably improves the user experience and also reduce resource costs and energy waste.

More than a month ago,
`we enabled this feature for a subset of projects <https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/8961#issuecomment-1231867076>`_
to do a small test before rolling it out to all the projects.
In the past 30 days, we have cancelled around 6k builds on this subset of projects.
The following plot shows cancelled builds per project:

.. image:: /img/cancelled-builds.png
   :align: center
   :width: 100%

> Today, we are happy to announce that we decided to enable this feature for all the projects because we have received really good feedback about it
> and we noticed a pretty good improvement on the user experience when triggering multiple builds frequently.
> 
> Thanks you all for you help while working on this feature and we hope you get a better experience starting today.
> Let us know if you find anything not working as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, we are happy to announce that we are enabling this feature for all the projects.
We have received really good feedback from our test users,
particularly around the user experience when triggering multiple builds frequently.

We appreciate the feedback that our test users gave us,
and we're excited to roll this out to all our users.
Please let us know if you any new issues around cancelled builds as we roll out this feature more widely.
```
